- [Frank] To say security is easy
is to invite malicious actors to attack your systems.
I would never go on record saying security is easy, done,
or a site I worked on is impervious to attack.
It is just flat out irresponsible.
That being said, building a layered approach to security
starts with authenticate and authorization
for many developers, as well as basic web filtering.
And this is where Spring Security shines.
If you are building applications for the JVM today,
there is a high likelihood you are leveraging Spring.
And if so, using Spring Security is the preferred
and easiest way to build a layer of security
into those applications.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm an engineering leader, architect, engineer, student,
and teacher of modern application development,
focused on public and private cloud development.
I have built massive scale systems in both public
and private clouds and have spent a significant portion
of my career leveraging Spring to do this work.
I have been involved with the community for over 12 years
and find Spring Security to be a powerful tool
in your tool belt for building applications that participate
in the layered security approach.
So get ready to dig in deep and learn Spring Security
from the ground up.